# The_gaming_room_design_document

## Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
### The Gaming Room is a software company that wanted to expand their current game "Draw it or Lose it" from an adroid-only game to a multi-platform game.  They wanted the game to be playable on multiple systems, which requires a client-server design in which the server communicates with the individual clients on multiple types of systems.
## What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
### I believe that the strongest part of this documentation was the section in which I laid out the executive summary, design constraints, and domain model.
## What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
### The most advantageous part of writing the design document was being able to think through and design the overarching infrastructure of the code.  Without the high-level design of how each class and object interacted with each other, writing the code would have been more difficult.
## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
### I would likely improve the section in which we laid out advantages and disadvantages of different systems for their individual purposes, my explanations and breakdowns of each system were fairly basic.
## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
### I took into account what I believed to be most necessary to both the client and the users' experience.  For a gaming application, one of the most important considerations is performance and security, along with scalability.  So for the design of the software, I made the recommendations I thought would grant the user the best performance due to quick server response times and the ability to serve many users as quickly as possible.  This is important to consider because the end-user is most important person to please when it comes to the success of a project.
## How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
### I started by considering the requirements of the project and then looking to find solutions that would fit within the constraints given.  I would use a similar technique in the future, but with the ability to interate on a build, so that a project isn't necessarily completed when it meets all the software requirements, but has the ability to take learnings from the design process and incorporate them into a newer and improved version of the project.
